
SSL protocol : secured socket layer protocol
               Which provides the security to data transfered between server and webbrowser.
               encrypts the link between the browser and server to protect the data from an attack.
			   
			   

Secured socket layer protocol : 
1)SSL Record Protocol : 
2)Handshake Protocol :
3)Change cipher spec Protocol : 
4)Alert Protocol :
 
1)SSL Record Protocol : Provides 2 services Confidentiality and Message Integity 
                        data is divided into fragments 
						then encrepted MAC(Message authentication code) genrated by
						by SHA(secured hash protocol) and MD5(message digest) is appended.
						then last stage SSL heder is appended.

2)Handshake Protocol : Is used to establishe session between server and client. in 4 phase. 
                       Phase-1) In this phase both client and server sends hello packets to each other 
					            with cipher suite and exchanged supported protocol version.
					   Phase-2) Server sends his certificate and server-key-exchange to client with server-hello-end packet.
					   Phase-3) In this phase client sends his certificate and client-key-exchange.
					   Phase-4) Cipher suites occurs and hand shake protocol ends.
					   
3)Change cipher spec Protocol : This protocol uses SSL record protocol 
                                unless SSL handshake protocol completed the SSL record output is in pending state. 
								After handshake Pending state coverted current state.
								Change cipher protocol consist of 1 byte message having 1 value 
								purpose is caused pending state copied into current state.
								
4)Alert Protocol   : Is used convey SSL related alerts message contains 2 byte in this protocol.
                     1 byte - level and 2nd byte-alert.
					 
					 Warning : (level=1) : No empact connection - like Bad certificate, no certificate, certificate expired, certificate unkown etc.
					 Fatal error : (level = 2) break the connection - like Handshake shake failuer, illegal parameters, Bad record mac, Unexpected message etc.
					 
					 
								